Audio Tour Locations:

Wifi Instructions

Welcome to our home!

We've prepared a guest wifi network for you; please use 1480Guest2Ghz or 1480Guest5Ghz to connect!

1.  Welcome              Next to the Wifi instructions

Leo: Welcome to Leo and Michelle's Residence at Fourteen Eighty North Clybourn Ave. We hope you enjoy your stay.
Michelle: Bienvenido a la residencia de Leo y Michelle en Catorce Ochenta North Clybourn Ave. Esperamos que disfrute su estadía.
Leo: 欢迎来到Leo和Michelle的家, 一四八零 North Clybourn Ave. 我們希望你喜歡你的逗留。
Michelle: レオとミシェルのレジデンスへようこそ。ご滞在をお楽しみください。(Reo to Misheru no rejidensu e yōkoso. Go taizai o o tanoshimi kudasai.)

Leo: This audio tour will offer information, about the home, as well as the current residents, Leo and Michelle. at various
marked locations, you can use this device to navigate to the appropriate number to listen to excerpts and commentary.

(Both) Thank you for visiting.

2.  About this house     Next to front door, outside
Michelle: This 0.1378 Acre Burbank Estate is a modern, state-of-the-art reimagining of a
classic, 1940s Craftsman home. 

Built in 1941 and remodeled in 2016, The newly remodeled home features open spaces and wide areas, integrating the living space seamlessly across the front and back of the house.

Leo: With 1300 square foot of indoor space, the home features recessed smart lighting, Engineered wood floor, and thermal insulating curtains. Guests can be sheltered from the
relative hazards of the outside, with lumber and high-grade pressed gypsum plaster,
acting as fully enclosing, horizontal barriers.

In addition to the living area, the house also contains a kitchen, an office, a
master's bedroom, and a guest bedroom for hosting friends and family. The grounds
are free for you to explore as you please.

#Michelle's Notes:
This house was built in 1941. The foundation was built with craftsman in mind
It was fully restored on 2017 having 3 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms
The estate has a total of 1,280 Square footage with a total lot size of 0.1378 acres
The floors are made with new engineered hardwood floors that are maintained using
Dyson vacuum to remove debree and steamed mopped for that cleaned/sanitized feel.
This house has a total 40 light bulbs, 1/3rd of them are automated lights that can be
turn on by voice activation or with an app
There are a total of 7 doors in the house
8 windows
This house features 3 dining areas that can be found in the kitchen, dinning area and the patio
The house has new copper plumbing


3.  Leo & Michelle       Volume 1 of Photo book.

Micheal: Leo and Michelle first met during their formative years, at the Westmoor High College Preparatory School for regular children.

Michelle's best friend, Zorine, had this to say:

*Zorine describes what it was like when we first started dating, from her perspective*

Micheal: The two would later go to community college together, then a long, 3.5 year long distance relationship as Michelle attended UC Davis, and Leo attended UCLA.

Micheal: After Leo graduated from UCLA, he obtained his first full time position at Walt Disney Imagineering. Michelle was asked to move to Los Angeles; Leo was so appreciative of her sacrifice, that he learned how to play guitar to form a special night on her arrival. Check out the guitar in the living room if you'd like to learn more.

Not long after, the couple were married, and the Disney Company sent the two to Shanghai.


4.  Honeymoon Trip       Volume 2 of Photo book.

#Honey Moon
Leo and Michelle has obtained a quest to travel outside the country to capture the essence of honey in the moon.
The quest seems to have originated back to 5th century where newly wed couples drank mead during the first moon of marriage.
Finding that meads can be found in United Kingdom, the couple travel to London where they found Tavern that serves mead.
Consuming this mead the couple find themselves in the drunken state and attempted to visit the royal highness to be more
enlighten about their new matrimony. However, they were quickly turned away by the royal guard. Saddened by the turn of events
the couple went to borough market where they  fill their empty stomachs with delicacy. Having satisfied their stomachs they've
encountered a merchant that talked about recent married couples that travelled through the dessert of Sahara to fulfill
the quest of Honey Moon. Inspired by the idea, the couple travel through Marrakesh in Morocco where they meet a Berber
who is knowledgeable of the land.  He has given the couple the tour of the place and taking them safely to the Sahara
by riding a dromedary. Sitting in the orange red powdered sand the couple gazed at the stars and found the essence of honey
in the moon. Having found the essence they decided to travel to Lyon France, the world's gastronomical city in the world
to celebrate. The End.

5.  The Living Room      On Coffee Table
Leo:

6.  The Office           On the wall, to the right of the TV.
Michelle:
The office serves as a computer room that houses a powerhouse pc that can run virtual reality system. Two desk are located at the north side of the room where Leo's desk is
on the left while Michelle's Desk is on the right. Wifi is also located in this room

7.  The Guest Room       On the bed, using a different medium then paper.
Guestroom has a queen size spring mattress with two luxury pillows from ikea. The sheets are from wamsutta dream collection and also has light down blanket. The guestroom
also contains variety of books ranging for entertainment.
Leo:

8.  The Kitchen          On the side of the countertop, small.
The Kitchen is found in the center of the house. It has a kitchen island with quarts countertops, two stainless steel sinks, dishwasher,
six range stove oven, vent and fridge. Full pantry can be found in the closet next to the kitchen. There is also a herb nursery on the windowsill
that contains as follows: Basil, Cilantro, Dill, Parsley, Thyme and Rosemary

9.  The Laundry Area     Secret. On top of the washing machine.
Leo: It appears that you've found the secret location where Leo and Michelle keeps their dirty laundry.
Mmm...You wern't supposed to be here...Try to keep it a secret, would you?

10. Master Bedroom       On the wall, between the bed and bathroom.
Michelle:

11. Back Yard            On the beams in the Patio
Leo:
